@startuml

com.mbeddr.core ..> jetbrains.mps.core
com.mbeddr.core ..> jetbrains.mps.execution.languages

com.mbeddr.core ..> com.mbeddr.mpsutil
com.mbeddr.core ..> com.mbeddr.spawner
com.mbeddr.core ..> com.mbeddr.debugger
com.mbeddr.core ..> com.mbeddr.platform

com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.core
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.build
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.execution.api
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.build
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.execution.configurations
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.debugger.api
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> jetbrains.mps.debugger.java

com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> de.slisson.mps.all
com.mbeddr.mpsutil ..> de.slisson.mps.richtext


com.mbeddr.debugger ..> jetbrains.mps.core
com.mbeddr.debugger ..> jetbrains.mps.debugger.api

com.mbeddr.debugger ..> com.mbeddr.spawner
com.mbeddr.debugger ..> com.mbeddr.mpsutil
com.mbeddr.debugger ..> de.slisson.mps.all

com.mbeddr.platform ..> jetbrains.mps.core
com.mbeddr.platform ..> de.slisson.mps.richtext
com.mbeddr.platform ..> de.slisson.mps.tables
com.mbeddr.platform ..> com.mbeddr.mpsutil
com.mbeddr.platform ..> de.itemis.mps.editor.bool
com.mbeddr.platform ..> de.slisson.mps.all

de.slisson.mps.all ..> jetbrains.mps.core
de.slisson.mps.all ..> jetbrains.mps.build

@enduml